README.md, before:

## asus-v2ray-transparent-proxy

Transparent proxy on WiFi router with v2ray+dnsmasq+ipset. Tested on Asus RT-68U Merlin firmware (380.67).

### Internal Details

1. Chinese domain whitelist mode. We use [dnsmasq-china-list](https://github.com/felixonmars/dnsmasq-china-list) from @felixonmars and add to ipset white_list rules, so only domains in this list will be resolved via 119.29.29.29, everything else will be resolved via 202.141.162.123 (USTC LUG anti-pollution DNS).

2. Setup iptables to use ipset for direct connect and redirect everything else to local v2ray transparent proxy port.

3. Start v2ray on router opening one port: 1080 as transparent proxy. Requests from 1080 will be forwarded as defined in v2ray config.

4. start-all.sh script adds a cron job that check the v2ray process every 5 mins, since v2ray process often crashes when testing on my router.

### Usage
Requirements: Asus Merlin firmware, jffs enabled, ssh connection, a working v2ray server

1. Download v2ray-linux-arm.zip from [v2ray release page](https://github.com/v2ray/v2ray-core/releases) and unzip to /jffs/v2ray/ via ssh

2. Clone this repo, cp everything to /jffs/ via ssh

3. On router: modify /jffs/config.json according to your proxy server and cp to /jffs/v2ray/config.json

4. On router: modify /jffs/nat-start.sh, change "YOUR_SERVER_IP" to your proxy server's ip

5. On router: run `sh /jffs/dnsmasq.sh && sh /jffs/start-all.sh` to setup dnsmasq/v2ray and start service

6. If everything goes well, connect to your WiFi and enjoy

7. If you want to enable this after router reboot, add /jffs/start-all.sh in NAT-START script (you can find it on router's admin web -> Tools -> Script)

## asus-v2ray-transparent-proxy

无线路由器上跑的透明代理，使用 v2ray+dnsmasq+ipset。 在 RT-68U Merlin (380.67) 固件上测试通过。

### 工作原理

1. 国内域名白名单模式，使用 @felixonmars 的 [dnsmasq-china-list](https://github.com/felixonmars/dnsmasq-china-list) 加入 ipset rules 白名单，名单内的域名将使用 119.29.29.29 来解析，剩下全部交给中科大防污染 DNS 202.141.162.123 解析。

2. 使用 iptables 做分流，ipset rule 中的直接访问，剩下的流量全部走 v2ray 本地透明代理端口。

3. 启动 v2ray 开放一个端口：1080 透明代理，由 v2ray 的配置程序指定所有发往 1080 端口的数据自动转发。

4. start-all.sh 脚本中安装了一个定时任务，每隔5分钟检查一次 v2ray 进程，因为测试时发现 v2ray 进程在路由器上会经常性的崩溃退出。

### 使用方法
前提要求：Asus 梅林固件，启用了 jffs 和 ssh, 以及一个可用的 v2ray 远程服务器

1. 从 [v2ray release page](https://github.com/v2ray/v2ray-core/releases) 下载 v2ray-linux-arm.zip， 解压缩后通过 ssh 上传至 /jffs/v2ray/ 目录

2. 下载本 repo 中的所有文件到本地，通过 ssh 上传至 /jffs 目录

3. 在路由器上修改 /jffs/config.json 将其中远程代理服务器替换为你自己使用的设置，复制到 /jffs/v2ray/config.json

4. 在路由器上修改 /jffs/nat-start.sh, 将 "YOUR_SERVER_IP" 修改为你的远程 v2ray 服务器 ip

5. 在路由器上运行 `sh /jffs/dnsmasq.sh && sh /jffs/start-all.sh` 来配置 dnsmasq/v2ray 并启动相关服务

6. 如果一切顺利，连上你的 WiFi 即可

7. 如果想在重启路由器后可以自动启动，可以将 /jffs/start-all.sh 加入 NAT-START 脚本，你可以在路由器管理界面的 Tools->Script 页面找到设置的地方

Commit message:

update config & add some notes about v2ray version

README.md, after:

## asus-v2ray-transparent-proxy

Transparent proxy on WiFi router with v2ray+dnsmasq+ipset. Tested on Asus RT-68U Merlin firmware (380.67).

#### note: v2ray v2.45 is the latest tested version, v2.46+ has included geoip.dat which causes v2ray to crash at start on router because of 'out of memory'. It's related to Golang's virtual memory management. If you want to use newer version of v2ray, you may try [add some swap with usb](https://mydevtutorials.wordpress.com/2014/01/10/how-to-activate-swap-on-asus-rt-ac68u-router/).

### Internal Details

1. Chinese domain whitelist mode. We use [dnsmasq-china-list](https://github.com/felixonmars/dnsmasq-china-list) from @felixonmars and add to ipset white_list rules, so only domains in this list will be resolved via 119.29.29.29, everything else will be resolved via 202.141.162.123 (USTC LUG anti-pollution DNS).

2. Setup iptables to use ipset for direct connect and redirect everything else to local v2ray transparent proxy port.

3. Start v2ray on router opening one port: 1080 as transparent proxy. Requests from 1080 will be forwarded as defined in v2ray config.

4. start-all.sh script adds a cron job that check the v2ray process every 5 mins, since v2ray process often crashes when testing on my router.

### Usage
Requirements: Asus Merlin firmware, jffs enabled, ssh connection, a working v2ray server

1. Download v2ray-linux-arm.zip from [v2ray release page](https://github.com/v2ray/v2ray-core/releases) and unzip to /jffs/v2ray/ via ssh

2. Clone this repo, cp everything to /jffs/ via ssh

3. On router: modify /jffs/config.json according to your proxy server and cp to /jffs/v2ray/config.json

4. On router: modify /jffs/nat-start.sh, change "YOUR_SERVER_IP" to your proxy server's ip

5. On router: run `sh /jffs/dnsmasq.sh && sh /jffs/start-all.sh` to setup dnsmasq/v2ray and start service

6. If everything goes well, connect to your WiFi and enjoy

7. If you want to enable this after router reboot, add /jffs/start-all.sh in NAT-START script (you can find it on router's admin web -> Tools -> Script)

## asus-v2ray-transparent-proxy

无线路由器上跑的透明代理，使用 v2ray+dnsmasq+ipset。 在 RT-68U Merlin (380.67) 固件上测试通过。

#### 注意：v2ray v2.45 版本是测试可运行的最高版本, v2.46 以上的版本增加了 geoip.dat 会使 v2ray 在启动时出错崩溃，错误是'out of memory'. 这个跟 Golang 的虚拟内存管理有关. 如果想使用最新版本的 v2ray, 可以尝试用 U 盘给路由器[增加点 Swap 内存](https://mydevtutorials.wordpress.com/2014/01/10/how-to-activate-swap-on-asus-rt-ac68u-router/).
### 工作原理

1. 国内域名白名单模式，使用 @felixonmars 的 [dnsmasq-china-list](https://github.com/felixonmars/dnsmasq-china-list) 加入 ipset rules 白名单，名单内的域名将使用 119.29.29.29 来解析，剩下全部交给中科大防污染 DNS 202.141.162.123 解析。

2. 使用 iptables 做分流，ipset rule 中的直接访问，剩下的流量全部走 v2ray 本地透明代理端口。

3. 启动 v2ray 开放一个端口：1080 透明代理，由 v2ray 的配置程序指定所有发往 1080 端口的数据自动转发。

4. start-all.sh 脚本中安装了一个定时任务，每隔5分钟检查一次 v2ray 进程，因为测试时发现 v2ray 进程在路由器上会经常性的崩溃退出。

### 使用方法
前提要求：Asus 梅林固件，启用了 jffs 和 ssh, 以及一个可用的 v2ray 远程服务器

1. 从 [v2ray release page](https://github.com/v2ray/v2ray-core/releases) 下载 v2ray-linux-arm.zip， 解压缩后通过 ssh 上传至 /jffs/v2ray/ 目录

2. 下载本 repo 中的所有文件到本地，通过 ssh 上传至 /jffs 目录

3. 在路由器上修改 /jffs/config.json 将其中远程代理服务器替换为你自己使用的设置，复制到 /jffs/v2ray/config.json

4. 在路由器上修改 /jffs/nat-start.sh, 将 "YOUR_SERVER_IP" 修改为你的远程 v2ray 服务器 ip

5. 在路由器上运行 `sh /jffs/dnsmasq.sh && sh /jffs/start-all.sh` 来配置 dnsmasq/v2ray 并启动相关服务

6. 如果一切顺利，连上你的 WiFi 即可

7. 如果想在重启路由器后可以自动启动，可以将 /jffs/start-all.sh 加入 NAT-START 脚本，你可以在路由器管理界面的 Tools->Script 页面找到设置的地方
